`env-propagation-list`: programmatically propagate envvars to the container (#388)
buildkite-plugins/docker-compose-buildkite-plugin: README.md

A list of either KEY or KEY=VALUE that are passed through as environment variables to the container.

### `env-propagation-list` (optional, string)

If you set this to `VALUE`, and `VALUE` is an environment variable containing a space-separated list of environment variables such as `A B C D`, then A, B, C, and D will all be propagated to the container. This is helpful when you've set up an `environment` hook to export secrets as environment variables, and you'd also like to programmatically ensure that secrets get propagated to containers, instead of listing them all out.

### `propagate-environment` (optional, boolean)

Whether or not to automatically propagate all pipeline environment variables into the run container. Avoiding the need to be specified with environment.

> \* Caveat: only environment variables listed in $BUILDKITE_ENV_FILE will be propagated. This does not include e.g. variables that you exported in an `environment` hook. If you wish for those to be propagated, try `env-propagation-list`.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that everyone will understsand the file reference compare to what it was before, but I do like the rest of the rewording. How about something like:

```suggestion
**Important**: only pipeline environment variables will be propagated (what you see in the BuildKite UI, those listed in `$BUILDKITE_ENV_FILE`). This does not include variables exported in preceeding `environment` hooks. If you wish for those to be propagated you will need to list them specifically or use `env-propagation-list`.
```

Author: I had copied the wording of the original PR (https://github.com/buildkite-plugins/docker-buildkite-plugin/pull/238) since the effect of the variable is the same, but I agree that the extra explanation seems better. Thanks!
